What do you mean
Your guy?
Jiǎng Sī Sī
How can you be so stupid?
This world
Doesn’t have that many tycoons
Just the Pǔ family alone
Even the Qín family doesn’t take seriously
Let alone
In Dōng Hǎi
It’s always the Qín family that calls the shots
Without the Qín family’s approval
What foreign group
Could smoothly set foot in Dōng Hǎi?
But the Pǔ family
Is South Korea’s top chaebol group
Why don’t you get it?
Pǔ Chéng is my guy
The so-called Pǔ family
Was just an excuse to trick you
Trick me?
Tell me
Right now, besides
The title of Miss Jiǎng
What do you have left?
The Wú family?
Sorry
It seems you’re the one
Who abandoned the Wú family
So
From start to finish
This was all
Your plan?
Exactly